‎Israel is shattered
‎—her unity torn by apostasy.
‎She defiled pure worship
and defamed God’s name
‎and is suffering the consequences.
‎Amid the despair,
Jehovah moves Ezekiel
‎to utter a series of prophecies
that offer hope.
‎These prophecies are discussed
in section 3 of the Pure Worship book.
‎Based on Ezekiel 20:41,
‎the title of the section is
‎“I Will . . . Collect You Together.”
‎Prophecies about the Messiah
‎are among the most thrilling facets
of Jehovah’s purpose.
‎They’re the basis of our hope,
and they’re the focus of chapter 8,
‎which is entitled
‎“I Will Raise Up One Shepherd.”
‎That title is based on Ezekiel 34:23:
‎“I will raise up
one shepherd over them,
‎“my servant David,
and he will feed them.
‎He himself will feed them
and become their shepherd.”
‎As you study this chapter,
‎look for these key points:
‎What lesson can we learn
‎from the prophetic riddle
about the great eagles?
‎How do the Messianic prophecies
found in Ezekiel
‎give you sound reasons
‎to trust in the King, Jesus Christ?
‎And how can you contribute
‎to the peace and unity
‎of the spiritual paradise?
‎Look closely at the pictures and captions
in this chapter,
‎and read each of the footnotes.
‎These teaching aids
will deepen your understanding
‎of the prophecies we consider.
‎The better you understand this material,
‎the stronger your determination will be
‎to give Jehovah pure worship.